Hello friends, welcome to Tippon Sites.
In today's video, we will talk
about ICICI Lombard Health Insurance. It is very important for those who have an ICICI Lombard Health
Insurance policy to
know in which hospital their
health card or health policy will be valid, that is,
in which hospital your card is applicable
where you can get your free treatment done
with your card. For that, you
need to know the hospital's address. It has a
network list. Every insurance company
or TPA has a network list.
Network means that all the
hospitals associated with ICICI Lombard have become
a network. So,
which hospitals in that network are
associated with ICICI Lombard? It is very important for
everyone to be aware of this network
because many times, when there is a
medical emergency,
in a hurry or rush, we do
not pay attention to which hospital our card will be valid
and we go
to any hospital and get admitted. If
in an emergency, we go to a non-network
hospital and get admitted there, then we have to take care of our treatment
there.  You will not be able to get the benefit of the card
and we will have to get the
treatment done by paying our own money. So to avoid this problem, first of all,
whenever you
purchase a policy, you should
know in which hospitals your health card
is applicable. In this very
video, I am going to tell you
what are the benefits of getting treatment in a network hospital. So, I am going to
clear both the topics in today's video,
one is how to find a network hospital
and secondly, what are the benefits of getting treatment in a network hospital. So, stay tuned to the
video till the end. If
you are new to the channel, then subscribe to the channel and
press the bell icon
so that you keep getting notifications of new videos. So
let's start the video.
Whenever we purchase an ICICI Lombard health
insurance policy,
we should know in advance whether
any hospital near us
is associated with ICICI Lombard or not.
Because if any nearby
hospital
is not in the network list of ICICI Lombard, then there is no benefit in
ICICI.  When purchasing a Lombard policy,
you should know these things before purchasing the policy.
However, if
someone receives an
ICICI Lombard health insurance
card under a corporate policy, then what will happen in that condition? It is
very important for them to go to the ICICI Lombard website and find a network hospital. Getting
treatment at a network hospital
means that its biggest benefit is that
you will get cashless treatment there.
Cashless treatment means that you will get
free treatment using your card without paying any money. However, if you
go to a non-network hospital, that is, a
hospital which is not associated with ICICI Lombard, then you will have to
pay. So,
before and
after purchasing a health insurance policy, it is
very important for you to know which hospitals are listed in the ICICI Lombard network list near you, i.e., within a
5 to 10 km area or
20 km area.
So, when you have an
emergency, you will
go to a network hospital and there you will get complete information about it.  You will
get the benefit but you will
not know which hospitals
are in your network list, so you will
go to any hospital and get admitted
in an emergency and you will have to pay there later.
Why will you have to pay
because that hospital is not in the
list of network hospitals of ICICI Lombard,
so it is
very important to know the address of the network hospital. Next, I am going to
show you people on the screen
how you can go to the ICICI Lombard website and
find the list of network hospitals. You
can understand by
entering your pin code in your district, in your state, how
you
can select any state and find the hospital near you in it. So, before
I explain it in full detail, you should
look at the screen, first of all you will
search for health insurance by googlethalli.com, then the
website that will open in it, see this
of ICICI Lord, you people have to
click on it, this ICICI Lord
website has opened in front of you, so
it also has an app called Take Care,
you can download this app also by
going to the network hospital.  If you can find out, then
further I will tell you
how you can find your network
hospital network list and how you
can search in it, then we have to go down, first of all
in this website, at the very end,
this is the official website
of ICICI Lombard, so you do
not have to search from here and there because if
you find your network hospital from any wrong website, then it is possible that you people may face
problem, so you people have to
go to the authentic website only
and find the list of your network hospital in it so
that you people do
not face any problem while taking any claim, in this
you people have to come at the very last
and here
see, there is an option of cashless hospital,
look here, cashless hospital,
when we click on it, it will open completely,
see where will you find it, it will be found
in popular searches, or here,
look at cashless hospital, if you
look at the last below in popular searches, you will find cashless hospital
written, you people have to click on it, as soon as
you people click,
I will also give you the link of this in this video  I will give it
in the description so that you
people do not have to search, you can directly
click there and find your nearest hospital, so
see, in this, find network hospital, see, it is
written here, find network hospital is written
here, in this,
first of all the option given above is
of select state, so suppose
you
search Gujarat here, in this,
we selected the state of Gujarat,
selected the city Ahmedabad, then the
hospital in it, the
name of the particular hospital is also given here and if
you do not want to search by name, then look below, the
complete details of all the hospitals connected in its network have
opened, all the hospitals in Ahmedabad, that is, in
Ahmedabad city in Gujarat state, all the hospitals
connected with ICICI Lombard, their
list has opened in front of you, even
if you do not want to check it completely, then
you can select yourself in short here,
see, the options that were given above,
look here, in the hospital, it is
given alphabetically, so like Asian
Orthopedic Hospital, if there is
any hospital near you, then
you can find it alphabetically  You can search, see the
entire list will open. Now suppose we have to
search in some other state, then
which is the second state, let's choose Madhya Pradesh.
In Madhya Pradesh, we will select the city, let's choose
Bhopal.
As soon as we wait a little inside Bhopal, a
list of all hospitals will appear here. Look, next,
we do
n't have to search in this, so look below,
this hospital has come,
247 Rudraksh Multi Specialty Hospital
and look, this is Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh.
By going to the ICICI Lombard website, you
can easily find a network hospital in whichever state you want to find, without
any problem. So, in today's video,
I told you
how all the policy holders having ICICI Lord Health Insurance policy can
find a hospital near them which is
within the network list of ICICI Lombard and how they can avail the benefit
from their card by getting treatment in a network hospital. So,
in today's video, I have
explained it to you in full detail. You must have understood the entire process.
Still, if you have
any questions regarding this video, then
you can tell me in the comment section below.  You can write,
you will definitely get the answer to it.
Apart from this, if you have any query regarding your health insurance claim
or you have received any rejection
letter, then
you can share that letter and query with me,
I will definitely give you the solution for that too, so
you must share that letter with me. So that's all for today's
video, if you liked the video then
like the video, subscribe to the channel and
press the bell icon
so that you keep getting notifications of new videos. So
that's all for today's video, we will
meet in the next video, till then,
goodbye.